the next question is for the course
rejuvenation which I now continue
develop hello galina
Nikolaevna
I'm over sixty and my questions
is it possible to change faces in this
ages need a day to walk in this
I tried to age but my appearance is not
we liked the height of 157 centimeters weight
64 kilograms
with gratitude and respect immediately
say that if there is extra weight in
any age is necessary from this extra
weights being freed one thing appearance
yes we have to improve our looks
face should only improve with our
age and weight should decrease
because overweight is also a disease
with height of 150 centimeters weight 64
kilograms yes it's pretty big
overweight and such a proportion can be
save only if you have
very hard work
neuropsychic work requiring
great energy and then with such
great energy work fast
losing weight face and there may be a mismatch
and if life is more or less calm and you
Enough your sleep
correct which is very very important you yourself
do not poison do not consume alcohol do not
smoke then your weight should be at 150
centimeters you anyway no way
60 kilogram
and below 60 kilograms have you tried
want but you did not like your appearance
kind of mean you wrong wanted
lose weight correctly and with correct
weight loss improves appearance
improves health and naturally
the same person is improving
courses of weight loss do everything in order
so that the appearance improved and therefore
many procedures and also put on the course
losing weight to improve the face is not
leave it to chance
face needs some special attention
you understand that your face you yourself
use your face on your face
other people use and that
they look at you when they listen to you or
just looking at your naked
face
Naturally this all acts on face not
depending on your weight what you have
weight was not and your face is an old man from
what other people use yours
the person must be able to protect the person must
be able to use correctly
your face and be able to show that face
to others for the benefit of you they
vice versa and it's all possible when needed
lose weight in such a way that at the time of
hike not master the skills of face protection
face care
so you have extra weight to eat it
take off
believe that the future is a slave if
working on yourself your face will
only more beautiful
don't work on yourself everything will
deteriorate the longer the person lives on
light the more he has to work on
myself